Add ReproHack hub launch (#516)
RSE-Sheffield/RSE-Sheffield.github.io: _events/event-2021-11-18-ReproHack-hub-launch.md

---
title: ReproHack Hub Launch
tags:
permalink: /training/workshop/2021-11-18-ReproHack-hub-launch
date: 2021-11-18
from: "10:00"
to: "17:00"
location: "Online"
institute: "ReproHack Core Team - N8 CIR - Sheffield RSE"
---

#### **For all those interested in reproducibility and code review!**

The ReproHack core team, in collaboration with the [N8 Centre of Excellence in Computationally Intensive Research](https://n8cir.org.uk/) and Sheffield Research Software Engineering are thrilled to invite you to celebrate with us on November 18th 2021 the launch of our ReproHack Hub! 

#### [reprohack.org/](https://reprohack.org/)

> Reprohacks are one day hackathons providing a sandbox environment for practicing reproducible research.  Authors submit paper with associated code and data for review. During events, participants attempt to reproduce submitted papers of their choice and feed back  their experiences to authors by completing a review form. We spend time sharing and learning from the experiences of participants in the group and informa peer-to-peer training sessions often emerge! e.g. we’ve had impromptu Docker (container) school, live demos of publishing code to Zenodo and mentored contributions to open source projects. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reprohacks are one day hackathons providing a sandbox environment for practicing reproducible research.  Authors submit papers with associated code and data for review. During events, participants attempt to reproduce submitted papers of their choice and feed back their experiences to authors by completing a review form. We spend time sharing and learning from the experiences of participants in the group and informal peer-to-peer training sessions often emerge! e.g. we’ve had impromptu Docker (container) school, live demos of publishing code to Zenodo and mentored contributions to open source projects. 
```
